With our common library all put together, we're now going to start on our tickets service for real
this time.
So let's take a look at a couple of diagrams and understand how we're going to design and build this
thing.
All right.
So first off, a listing of the different routes we're going to build into this microservice.
In total, four different routes.
One route to retrieve all tickets.
One to get a ticket with a specific ID.
One to create a ticket.
And one to update a ticket.
You'll notice on creating and updating a ticket, I've said that we're going to include a body that
has a title that is a string and a price.
That is a string as well.
That is not a mistake.
Our price is going to be communicated as a string.
There's a specific reason for this, and I'll show you why as we get closer to actually building this
ticket creation and update functionality.
As we start to build out this service, we are going to need some location to store all this ticket
data.
So the information about the title of the event that we are trying to sell access to the price of the
ticket and who owns this ticket.
So our ticket service is going to have its own individual copy of MongoDB.
This is 100% separate from the MongoDB instance we already created for that service earlier.
Inside, there will probably end up with some kind of tickets collection.
And right now, I anticipate that for every ticket we store, we'll probably want to store the title,
The Price and the ID of the user who created this ticket and presumably owns it.
We're going to eventually add in some additional properties to every ticket, but these extra properties
aren't going to make sense until we start to add in one or two other services into our application.
Now, how are we going to actually create this thing?
Well, it's going to be very similar overall to the service.
So we're going to create a package JSON file.
We're going to install a ton of dependencies, we'll write out a Docker file, start to build the implementation,
build an image, push it to Docker hub.
We're going to write out some file to create the deployment and the service for our ticketing stuff.
We're going to make sure we update that scaffold file to do that file sinking stuff.
And then finally, we'll also create a file or Kubernetes file for the MongoDB deployment and the service
as well.
So this is what we would normally go through.
Just about every time we want to create a new service.
But in this course, just to save ourselves a little bit of time and a little bit of headache, we'll
actually a lot of time, to be honest with you.
We're going to kind of skip the first three steps or so.
Let me tell you what I mean.
These first three steps we essentially already have done inside of our service.
So rather than creating a raw package based on file listing on all the dependencies, doing the Docker
file, and then putting together all the code from scratch to create an express server, wire app,
middleware and so on.
We're going to pretty much just copy a lot of code directly from our service just to save ourselves
a little bit of time.
So we're really going to do a little bit of copying and then we're going to resume from right here.
We'll build out an initial image and then we'll do the Kubernetes stuff, the scaffold stuff, and so
on.
So again, just to save some time on a normal project, we may or may not do this.
It really depends on what you're building, but it's definitely going to save us time in our case.
So now we understand what we're going to do.
Quick pause here.
Let's get to work in the next video.